docs/games/mc/versions/8/9/forge/optimizations.md, before:

# Essential
| Name | Incompatibilities | Description | Client / Server | Notes |
| --- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [Entity Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/entityculling) | Unknown | Using async path-tracing to hide Block-/Entities that are not visible | Client | N/A |
| [OptiFine](https://optifine.net) | Several mods | This mod adds support for HD textures and a lot of options for better looks and performance. Doubling the FPS is common. | Client | We're making an exception, just for this. Jar on the website is an installer, but you can also add it to your mods folder and run the game fine. |
| [PolyPatcher](https://modrinth.com/mod/patcher) | Unknown | A Forge mod full of Vanilla bug fixes, Quality of Life improvements, and performance enhancements. | Client | Fork of Patcher. Requires OneConfig. Essential not required, you can now remove it if you depended on it. |

# Situational
| Name | Incompatibilities | Description | Client / Server | Notes |
| --- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [Phosphor Legacy Forge](https://modrinth.com/mod/phosphorlegacyforge) | Unknown | Unofficial fork of Phosphor mod ported to Legacy Forge. | Both | There is no Starlight fork. If there was a starlight fork, I'd put it here instead. |

Commit message:

there's more optimizations than that + polypatcher had some conflictions, let's add those quick

docs/games/mc/versions/8/9/forge/optimizations.md, after:

# Essential
| Name | Incompatibilities | Description | Client / Server | Notes |
| --- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [Entity Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/entityculling) | Unknown | Using async path-tracing to hide Block-/Entities that are not visible | Client | N/A |
| [OptiFine](https://optifine.net) | Several mods | This mod adds support for HD textures and a lot of options for better looks and performance. Doubling the FPS is common. | Client | We're making an exception, just for this. Jar on the website is an installer, but you can also add it to your mods folder and run the game fine. |
| [PolyPatcher](https://modrinth.com/mod/patcher) | AI Improvements, Born in a Barn, FoamFix, IdleTweaks | A Forge mod full of Vanilla bug fixes, Quality of Life improvements, and performance enhancements. | Client | Fork of Patcher. Requires OneConfig. Essential not required, you can now remove it if you depended on it. |

# Situational
| Name | Incompatibilities | Description | Client / Server | Notes |
| --- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [Modern Sound](https://modrinth.com/mod/modern-sound) | Unknown | Loads the sound system asynchronously and implements auto-reload if a new sound device is detected. | Client | N/A |
| [Phosphor Legacy Forge](https://modrinth.com/mod/phosphorlegacyforge) | Unknown | Unofficial fork of Phosphor mod ported to Legacy Forge. | Both | There is no Starlight fork. If there was a starlight fork, I'd put it here instead. |
| [Redirectionor (Retro)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/redirectionor-retro) | Unknown | Redirect Enum#values() allocation in codes and improve game performance. | Both | N/A |

# Edge case
| [Velox Caelo](https://modrinth.com/mod/veloxcaelo) | Unknown | OptiFine CIT performance optimizer for 1.8.9 | Client | Best effective with custom texture packs that use CIT features |
