docs/sect/mc/README.md, before:

# Toolkit: Minecraft
> [!WARNING]
> 
> Some mods are obscure and not well documented. Using these mods should be fine, but note that
> they are not actively tested, nor known to some. The effect will vary from user to user.  
> Some of these mods may also be "snake oil" and may end up impacting you worse by using it than not using it.
> Use these mods with caution.
>
> You should benchmark your framerate after adding/removing key performance mods if you care about performance differences.   
> This list is mostly curated based on my personal experience. **YMMV**. 

A bunch of mods for Minecraft. Inspired by TheUsefulLists (but not affiliated), with my own curated list of optimizations. Also has other non-mod resources like [UsefulMinecraft](https://github.com/TheUsefulLists/UsefulMinecraft).  
Remember to view the [main branch README](../README.md) for icon meaning.  
 
This section is mostly just based on mods I'm familiar with for performance in addition to some stuff also featured on TUL and some other mods I've also heard of. In addition to basic performance and bugfixes, my "enhancements" list includes a mix of Vanilla (like TUL) and Vanilla+ utilities. I am also considering a "Recommendations" section for some popular community suggestions.

## Disclaimer
Mods are tested to the best of my ability to ensure that they are not malicious or infected, I try my best to check mods myself before adding them to this repo. I cannot be held responsibile if you are infected with anything on this list, I cannot check every single update manually. You should check mods on your own time using provided file hashes, extracting the file contents, or whatever means you see fit.  

# General Resources
| Page |
| :---: |
| *Link to page* |
| [🔃 Launchers & Clients](nonspecific/launchers.md) |
| [🚧 Modpacks](nonspecific/modpacks.md) |
| [🔃 Websites](nonspecific/websites.md) |

# Modding resources (per-version)
| Version | Page |
| --- | --- |
|  | *Links to page* |
| 1.21.x | [🔃 Actively maintained, one version incomplete](versions/21/index.md) |
| 1.20.x | [⚠ Work in Progress](versions/20/index.md) |
| 1.19.x | [🚧 Work in Progress](versions/19/index.md) |
| 1.18.2 | [🚧 Work in Progress](versions/18/2/index.md) |
| 1.17.1 | [🚧 Work in Progress](versions/17/1/index.md) |
| 1.16.5 | [🚧 Work in Progress](versions/16/5/index.md) |
| 1.12.2 | [⚠ Work in Progress](versions/12/2/index.md) |
| 1.8.9 | [✅ Forge only](versions/8/9/index.md) |
| 1.7.10 | [✅ Forge only](versions/7/10/index.md) |
| 1.6.4 | [✅ Available](versions/6/4/index.md) |
| 1.5.2 | [✅ Available](versions/5/2/index.md) |

<!-- TODO secret page
so these mods are compatible with these versions and need to be added


*** FORGE ***
https://modrinth.com/mod/starlight-forge - 1.17.1, 1.18.2, 1.19.x (except 1.19.4), 1.20-1.20.2

-->

Commit message:

resolve some dead links by updating toolkit source

docs/sect/mc/README.md, after:

# Toolkit: Minecraft
> [!WARNING]
> 
> Toolkit is constantly being updated and may contain documentation
> that is inaccurate, untested, or otherwise irrelevant. YMMV.
> I have attempted to label mods that may do nothing for users best I can. You should still
> benchmark your shit in between changes.

A maximalist approach on [TheUsefulLists](https://github.com/TheUsefulLists/UsefulMods) with a bunch of tools, mods, websites and other utilities, all personally curated with better compatibility notes, and specific sub-version mod configs. **This is not a replacement for existing lists**, you should still turn to other lists to back up sources.  
Remember to view the [main branch README](../README.md) for icon meaning.  

Toolkit is mainly based on personal experience. I 

## Why?
A lot of lists are very similiar nowadays, it can make sense why it can feel like just *another* list. There's many choices, with TheUsefulLists being a general "go-to" and a lot of TUL inspired lists covering their tracks.  
However, I also wanted to take a shot. I struggle a lot with my own notes, and I've had my fair share of modding oppertunities where I just completely forgot some mods are incompatible. Plus, I play with a lot of scenario specific mods and find out about incompatibilities from mod developers that I don't find out until last minute. So, I wanted to make a TheUsefulLists adjacent project with a bit more documentation.  
And then Toolkit was born.

# Disclaimer
Mods are tested to the best of my ability to ensure that they are not malicious or infected, I try my best to check mods myself before adding them to this repo. I cannot be held responsibile if you are infected with anything on this list, I cannot check every single update manually. You should check mods on your own time using provided file hashes, extracting the file contents, or whatever means you see fit.  

# General resources (resources)
| Page | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [🔃 Launchers & Clients](https://github.com/DJSng-Toolkit/the-library?tab=readme-ov-file#gaming---minecraft) | Launchers to play the game with. |
| [🔃 Mod "Avoid" list](nonspecific/avoid.md) | Mods you should avoid, for various reasons. |
| [🚧 Modpacks](nonspecific/modpacks.md) | Modpacks for vanilla play, as well as some curated modded packs. |
| [🔃 Websites](https://github.com/DJSng-Toolkit/the-library?tab=readme-ov-file#gaming---minecraft) | Websites of various types, all Minecraft themes. |

# Modding resources (per-version)
| Version | Page |
| --- | --- |
|  | *Links to page* |
| 1.21.x | [🔃 Actively maintained, one version incomplete](versions/21/index.md) |
| 1.20.x | [⚠ Work in Progress](versions/20/index.md) |
| 1.19.x | [🚧 Work in Progress](versions/19/index.md) |
| 1.18.2 | [🚧 Work in Progress](versions/18/2/index.md) |
| 1.17.1 | [🚧 Work in Progress](versions/17/1/index.md) |
| 1.16.5 | [🚧 Work in Progress](versions/16/5/index.md) |
| 1.12.2 | [⚠ Work in Progress](versions/12/2/index.md) |
| 1.8.9 | [✅ Forge only](versions/8/9/index.md) |
| 1.7.10 | [✅ Forge only](versions/7/10/index.md) |
| 1.6.4 | [✅ Available](versions/6/4/index.md) |
| 1.5.2 | [✅ Available](versions/5/2/index.md) |

<!-- TODO secret page
so these mods are compatible with these versions and need to be added


*** FORGE ***
https://modrinth.com/mod/starlight-forge - 1.17.1, 1.18.2, 1.19.x (except 1.19.4), 1.20-1.20.2

-->
