docs/library.md, before:

---
title: Jericho's Library
---

# Jericho's Library
A general resources page of various topics.  
Jericho's Library is the new, permanent home of my resources page, which was present on my site (and prior, on my SpaceHey) for approximately two years.
This page is mostly inspired by FMHY, with a bit of redundant resources removed every once and a while, or an occasional site that I like, that nobody's ever talked about.  

This page does not include anything listed in our game guides, as that's not its purpose. You should still read the main pages if something interests you.

# Guide
| Icon | Meaning |
| --- | :---: |
| 🏆 | Greatest Of All Time |
| ⭐ | "Best of" resource |
| ✨ | Unique resource |

## Other resource pages
- 🏆 **[FREEMEDIAHECKYEAH](https://fmhy.net/)** - Software, Websites & Guides / Piracy
- **[Ivyswell's Tavern - Resources](https://ivyswell-tavern.neocities.org/resources)** - Websites & Guides

***

## Technology - Software
### Windows feature alternatives
- 🏆 **[Directory Opus](https://www.gpsoft.com.au/)** - File Explorer alternative / **Paid**
- 🏆 **[Everything](https://www.voidtools.com/)** - File Search alternative
- **[Explorer++](https://explorerplusplus.com/)** - File Explorer alternative / **Use Nightly**

***

### Remote Control
::: warning
Never install a remote control software if asked by another user, especially if it's to "remove" a virus. The caller on the other end will just steal and delete all of your files.

You should only install a remote control program if you need to access your computer from another device, or need to perform some technical help over the internet with a friend you trust.
:::

- ✨ **[Aspia](https://aspia.org/)** - Technical knowledge required / Port forwarding required
- **[RustDesk](https://rustdesk.com/)** - **Some bugs**

***

## Technology - Internet
### Web Browsing
#### Browsers
::: danger
Chromium based browsers, when paired with uBlock Origin, usually have poor adblocking due to the fact that ads cannot be blocked **before** the page loads. If you need serious adblocking, tend to misclick on pages a lot, or just generally hate ads, consider a Firefox/Gecko based option.
:::

- 🏆 **[Firefox](https://www.firefox.com)** - Gecko
- ⭐ **[Floorp](https://floorp.app)** - Gecko / Use Floorp 11 for Themes
- ✨ **[Supermium](https://github.com/win32ss/supermium)** - Chromium / Supports Windows 8.1 and earlier / Manifest V2 support
- **[Brave](https://brave.com/)** - Chromium / Crypto & AI elements / **[Controversies](https://old.reddit.com/r/browsers/comments/1j1pq7b/list_of_brave_browser_controversies/)**
- **[Vivaldi](https://vivaldi.com/)** - Chromium / Poor built-in adblock
- **[Zen Browser](https://zen-browser.app/)** - Gecko / **[Code Snippets](https://zen-browser.app/mods/)**

***

#### Firefox Themes
::: warning
All themes here require manual install that may be confusing to some users.
:::

- ✨ [Firefox GX](https://github.com/Godiesc/firefox-gx) - Opera GX themed Firefox theme

***

#### Extensions
> [!WARNING]
> This section is mainly tailored to Firefox user.

- 🏆 [uBlock Origin](https://ublockorigin.com/) - Ad & content blocking / **Performs worse on Chromium**

***

#### Tools for the Web
- [GitHub Wiki TOC Generator](https://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/)

***

#### Other Cool Websites

- [WinAmp Skin Museum](https://skins.webamp.org/) - Uses Webamp

***

### Music
#### Downloading

- ⭐ [Nicotine+](https://nicotine-plus.org/) - Soulseek

***

#### Playing - Local Players

- 🏆 **[foobar2000](https://www.foobar2000.org/)** - Customizable / **[Plugins](https://www.foobar2000.org/components)** / **[Last.fm](https://www.foobar2000.org/components/view/foo_scrobble)**
- **[AIMP](https://www.aimp.ru/)** - Customizable / **[Plugins & Themes](https://www.aimp.ru/?do=catalog)**
- **[MusicBee](https://www.getmusicbee.com/)** - **[Plugins](https://www.getmusicbee.com/addons)**
- **[WACUP](https://getwacup.com/)** - Winamp based

***

#### Tools

- ⭐ **[Music Presence](https://github.com/ungive/discord-music-presence)** - Discord Rich Presence for various players / **[Read the docs](https://github.com/ungive/discord-music-presence)**

***

# Gaming - General
General gaming resources and guides that can apply to a variety of games.

### Resources & Guides

- ✨ **[PCGamingWiki](https://www.pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Home)** - Guides / Resources / Bug fixes

***

### Play on the Web

-  **[Pac Man](https://masonicgit.github.io/pacman/)**

***

### Clones

- **[Luanti](https://www.luanti.org/)** - Minecraft

***

### Flash

- 🏆 **[Flashpoint Archive](https://flashpointarchive.org/)** - Non-Steam / Play-as-you-go (with Infinity)
- **[Ninia Kiwi Archive](https://ninjakiwi.com/archive)** - Steam / Non-Steam

***

### More Games
A personal highlight of games I recommend.


## Gaming - Minecraft
Content for Minecraft.

### Launchers
::: note
This page is a mirror of Toolkit's page, with only stuff I would personally recommend.
:::

- 🏆 **[Prism Launcher](https://github.com/PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher)** - MultiMC-based launcher / **[Ely.by & cracked fork](https://github.com/ElyPrismLauncher/ElyPrismLauncher)** / **[Play without an account](https://rentry.co/prism4free)**
- ⭐ **[BetaCraft](https://betacraft.uk/)** - Play old versions of Minecraft (pre-1.6) / Beginner friendly
- ⭐ **[Modrinth App](https://modrinth.com/app)** - Mod management / Beginner friendly
- ✨ **[ATLauncher](https://atlauncher.com)** - Mod management / Server management / Beginner friendly
- ✨ **[Quantum Launcher](https://github.com/Mrmayman/quantumlauncher)** - Mod management / Lightweight
- **[Bedrock Launcher](https://bedrocklauncher.github.io/)**
- **[MultiMC](https://multimc.org/)**

***

### Lists

- ⭐ **[MC-Optimization-Guide](https://github.com/Radk6/MC-Optimization-Guide)** - Minimalist take of TheUsefulLists
- ⭐ **[TheUsefulLists](https://github.com/TheUsefulLists/UsefulMods)** - Community maintaned list of Minecraft optimizations / **[Minecraft Tools](https://github.com/TheUsefulLists/UsefulMinecraft)**
- **[Legacy Fabric Mod Compatibility List](https://legacyfabric.net/mods.html)**
- **[List of "Essential" 1.7.10 Mods](https://gist.github.com/makamys/7cb74cd71d93a4332d2891db2624e17c)**

***

### Software
- **[MCreate](https://mcreator.net/)** - Mod creator for beginners
- **[NBT Studio](https://github.com/tryashtar/nbt-studio/)** - NBT Reader

***

### Websites

- 🏆 **[NameMC](https://namemc.com/)** - Servers, skins, capes & usernames
- 🏆 **[Omniarchive](https://omniarchive.uk/)** - Minecraft Version archive
- ⭐ **[VanillaTweaks](https://vanillatweaks.net/)** - Resource Packs / Datapacks
- **[Aikar's Flags](https://aikar.co/2018/07/02/tuning-the-jvm-g1gc-garbage-collector-flags-for-minecraft/)** - JVM Flags
- **[Ely.by](https://ely.by)** - Alternative skin system
- **[Essential Alternatives](https://notessential.blurry.gay/)**
- **[Minecraft MOTD Color Codes](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/minecraft-color-codes/)**
- **[PCGamingWiki's page on Minecraft](https://www.pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Minecraft:_Java_Edition)** - General information / **Not recommended for modding advice**
- **[ShaderLABS](https://shaderlabs.org/wiki/Main_Page)** / Shader resources

***

## General guides

- **[Connecting NeoCities to your Discord Profile](https://gist.github.com/hf02/1570e009bd337bc09db6f3e3c29938ca)**

***

## Avoid
Also check in with [FMHY](https://fmhy.net/unsafesites), which covers more software I haven't included.

### Software - Remote Control

- **[TeamViewer](https://www.teamviewer.com/en-ca/)** - Random disconnects / AI integration / File transfer is paid / Poor mobile support

***

### Software - Music
- **[Winamp](https://winamp.com/)** - Not run by the original developers, use WACUP / NFT & AI integration / Legacy builds are buggy

***

### Software - Games
- **[TLauncher](https://tlauncher.org/)** - Not to be confused with [TLauncher Legacy](https://archive.org/details/tl-legacy-installer-legacy_20240328) / Spyware

Commit message:

update browser information
mainly based on the fact manifest v2 will be dead upon chrome 139 and that's literally in 3 days

docs/library.md, after:

---
title: Jericho's Library
---

# Jericho's Library
A general resources page of various topics.  
Jericho's Library is the new, permanent home of my resources page, which was present on my site (and prior, on my SpaceHey) for approximately two years.
This page is mostly inspired by FMHY, with a bit of redundant resources removed every once and a while, or an occasional site that I like, that nobody's ever talked about.  

This page does not include anything listed in our game guides, as that's not its purpose. You should still read the main pages if something interests you.

# Guide
| Icon | Meaning |
| --- | :---: |
| 🏆 | Greatest Of All Time |
| ⭐ | "Best of" resource |
| ✨ | Unique resource |

## Other resource pages
- 🏆 **[FREEMEDIAHECKYEAH](https://fmhy.net/)** - Software, Websites & Guides / Piracy
- **[Ivyswell's Tavern - Resources](https://ivyswell-tavern.neocities.org/resources)** - Websites & Guides

***

## Technology - Software
### Windows feature alternatives
- 🏆 **[Directory Opus](https://www.gpsoft.com.au/)** - File Explorer alternative / **Paid**
- 🏆 **[Everything](https://www.voidtools.com/)** - File Search alternative
- **[Explorer++](https://explorerplusplus.com/)** - File Explorer alternative / **Use Nightly**

***

### Remote Control
::: warning
Never install a remote control software if asked by another user, especially if it's to "remove" a virus. The caller on the other end will just steal and delete all of your files.

You should only install a remote control program if you need to access your computer from another device, or need to perform some technical help over the internet with a friend you trust.
:::

- ✨ **[Aspia](https://aspia.org/)** - Technical knowledge required / Port forwarding required
- **[RustDesk](https://rustdesk.com/)** - **Some bugs**

***

## Technology - Internet
### Web Browsing
#### Browsers
::: warning
Manifest V2 will be deprecated upon the release of Chrome 129 on August 4th. Chromium browsers are not eligible for being listed at this time.

We'll wait and see what happened to Manifest V2 support by all the most popular browsers.
:::

::: danger
Chromium based browsers, when paired with uBlock Origin, usually have poor adblocking due to the fact that ads cannot be blocked **before** the page loads. If you need serious adblocking, tend to misclick on pages a lot, or just generally hate ads, consider a Firefox/Gecko based option.
:::

- 🏆 **[Firefox](https://www.firefox.com)** - Gecko
- ⭐ **[Floorp](https://floorp.app)** - Gecko / Use Floorp 11 for Themes
- **[Zen Browser](https://zen-browser.app/)** - Gecko / **[Code Snippets](https://zen-browser.app/mods/)**

***

#### Firefox Themes
::: warning
All themes here require manual install that may be confusing to some users.
:::

- ✨ [Firefox GX](https://github.com/Godiesc/firefox-gx) - Opera GX themed Firefox theme

***

#### Extensions
> [!WARNING]
> This section is mainly tailored to Firefox user.

- 🏆 [uBlock Origin](https://ublockorigin.com/) - Ad & content blocking / **Performs worse on Chromium**

***

#### Tools for the Web
- [GitHub Wiki TOC Generator](https://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/)

***

#### Other Cool Websites

- [WinAmp Skin Museum](https://skins.webamp.org/) - Uses Webamp

***

### Music
#### Downloading

- ⭐ [Nicotine+](https://nicotine-plus.org/) - Soulseek

***

#### Playing - Local Players

- 🏆 **[foobar2000](https://www.foobar2000.org/)** - Customizable / **[Plugins](https://www.foobar2000.org/components)** / **[Last.fm](https://www.foobar2000.org/components/view/foo_scrobble)**
- **[AIMP](https://www.aimp.ru/)** - Customizable / **[Plugins & Themes](https://www.aimp.ru/?do=catalog)**
- **[MusicBee](https://www.getmusicbee.com/)** - **[Plugins](https://www.getmusicbee.com/addons)**
- **[WACUP](https://getwacup.com/)** - Winamp based

***

#### Tools

- ⭐ **[Music Presence](https://github.com/ungive/discord-music-presence)** - Discord Rich Presence for various players / **[Read the docs](https://github.com/ungive/discord-music-presence)**

***

# Gaming - General
General gaming resources and guides that can apply to a variety of games.

### Resources & Guides

- ✨ **[PCGamingWiki](https://www.pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Home)** - Guides / Resources / Bug fixes

***

### Play on the Web

-  **[Pac Man](https://masonicgit.github.io/pacman/)**

***

### Clones

- **[Luanti](https://www.luanti.org/)** - Minecraft

***

### Flash

- 🏆 **[Flashpoint Archive](https://flashpointarchive.org/)** - Non-Steam / Play-as-you-go (with Infinity)
- **[Ninia Kiwi Archive](https://ninjakiwi.com/archive)** - Steam / Non-Steam

***

### More Games
A personal highlight of games I recommend.


## Gaming - Minecraft
Content for Minecraft.

### Launchers
::: note
This page is a mirror of Toolkit's page, with only stuff I would personally recommend.
:::

- 🏆 **[Prism Launcher](https://github.com/PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher)** - MultiMC-based launcher / **[Ely.by & cracked fork](https://github.com/ElyPrismLauncher/ElyPrismLauncher)** / **[Play without an account](https://rentry.co/prism4free)**
- ⭐ **[BetaCraft](https://betacraft.uk/)** - Play old versions of Minecraft (pre-1.6) / Beginner friendly
- ⭐ **[Modrinth App](https://modrinth.com/app)** - Mod management / Beginner friendly
- ✨ **[ATLauncher](https://atlauncher.com)** - Mod management / Server management / Beginner friendly
- ✨ **[Quantum Launcher](https://github.com/Mrmayman/quantumlauncher)** - Mod management / Lightweight
- **[Bedrock Launcher](https://bedrocklauncher.github.io/)**
- **[MultiMC](https://multimc.org/)**

***

### Lists

- ⭐ **[MC-Optimization-Guide](https://github.com/Radk6/MC-Optimization-Guide)** - Minimalist take of TheUsefulLists
- ⭐ **[TheUsefulLists](https://github.com/TheUsefulLists/UsefulMods)** - Community maintaned list of Minecraft optimizations / **[Minecraft Tools](https://github.com/TheUsefulLists/UsefulMinecraft)**
- **[Legacy Fabric Mod Compatibility List](https://legacyfabric.net/mods.html)**
- **[List of "Essential" 1.7.10 Mods](https://gist.github.com/makamys/7cb74cd71d93a4332d2891db2624e17c)**

***

### Software
- **[MCreate](https://mcreator.net/)** - Mod creator for beginners
- **[NBT Studio](https://github.com/tryashtar/nbt-studio/)** - NBT Reader

***

### Websites

- 🏆 **[NameMC](https://namemc.com/)** - Servers, skins, capes & usernames
- 🏆 **[Omniarchive](https://omniarchive.uk/)** - Minecraft Version archive
- ⭐ **[VanillaTweaks](https://vanillatweaks.net/)** - Resource Packs / Datapacks
- **[Aikar's Flags](https://aikar.co/2018/07/02/tuning-the-jvm-g1gc-garbage-collector-flags-for-minecraft/)** - JVM Flags
- **[Ely.by](https://ely.by)** - Alternative skin system
- **[Essential Alternatives](https://notessential.blurry.gay/)**
- **[Minecraft MOTD Color Codes](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/minecraft-color-codes/)**
- **[PCGamingWiki's page on Minecraft](https://www.pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Minecraft:_Java_Edition)** - General information / **Not recommended for modding advice**
- **[ShaderLABS](https://shaderlabs.org/wiki/Main_Page)** / Shader resources

***

## General guides

- **[Connecting NeoCities to your Discord Profile](https://gist.github.com/hf02/1570e009bd337bc09db6f3e3c29938ca)**

***

## Avoid
Also check in with [FMHY](https://fmhy.net/unsafesites), which covers more software I haven't included.

### Software - Remote Control

- **[TeamViewer](https://www.teamviewer.com/en-ca/)** - Random disconnects / AI integration / File transfer is paid / Poor mobile support

***

### Software - Music
- **[Winamp](https://winamp.com/)** - Not run by the original developers, use WACUP / NFT & AI integration / Legacy builds are buggy

***

### Software - Games
- **[TLauncher](https://tlauncher.org/)** - Not to be confused with [TLauncher Legacy](https://archive.org/details/tl-legacy-installer-legacy_20240328) / Spyware
